# vTriage Reproduction Artifacts
This repository contains reproduction artifacts for Syzbot bugs automatically generated by vTriage.
These artifacts can reproduce the corresponding bugs on a local machine, allowing developers to analyze and debug the issues effectively.

The bugs are selected based on the following criteria:
- The bug is marked as "Open" in the bug tracker.
- The bug has no "C" or "Syz" reproducer available.
- The bug includes a KASAN/KCSAN/KMSAN or GPF backtrace.

## Reproduction Artifacts
The reproduction artifacts (which include a build.sh, poc.sh, poc.c) are present in the artifacts/ directory.

The directory structure is as follows:
```artifacts/
├── bug_id_1/
│   ├── build.sh
│   ├── poc.sh
│   └── poc.c
├── bug_id_2/
│   ├── build.sh
│   ├── poc.sh
│   └── poc.c
└── ...
```

Where `bug_id_1`, `bug_id_2`, etc. are the unique identifiers for the respective bugs.
Example: The bug with ID `38a879f4a73497f2dfef` corresponds to the Syzbot issue at [https://syzbot.org/bug?extid=38a879f4a73497f2dfef](https://syzbot.org/bug?extid=38a879f4a73497f2dfef).

### Unpatched Bugs
In order to prevent the reproduction artifacts from being maliciously used, the artifacts for unpatched bugs are not included in this repository.
However, we include MD5 checksums for the build.sh, poc.sh, and poc.c files of unpatched bugs.

# Linux Kernel Developers
We are in the process of reaching out to Linux kernel developers to provide them with access to the reproduction artifacts for unpatched bugs.
If you are a Linux kernel developer and would like to access the reproduction artifacts for any of the unpatched bugs (or even for another bug not currently in our list), please contact us at [team@artiphishell.com](mailto:team@artiphishell.com).
